# Sarah and Duck
QUACK
QUACK #
It's a snowy day and Sarah
and Duck are heading to the park.
Good walk you've got there. Crab
walk.
Ah! Yes.
Snow crabs. He-he.
QUACK!
Wow!
A winter fair!
Shall we go in?
Uh-huh!
Toasty cosy!
Ooh!
QUACK
Huh!
There we are!
Huh?
Wow!
My word...
It's an ice-skating rink.
How very exciting!
You should have a go.
Yes.
Shoes, please.
Oh!
See you soon!
Eh!
QUACK
QUACK!
Coming, Duck. Ooh! Whoa!
Everything OK?
My legs don't know these shoes.
Whoa!
You probably just need to get
used to them. Uh-huh.
QUACK QUACK!
QUACK QUACK
Hmm.
Come 'ere, you!
QUACK
They're not half bad!
Hmm.
Uh! Oh!
Never mind, Sarah.
Ice skating's not for everyone.
S'pose not...
Isn't that Scarf Lady's bag?
Hmm?
Oh! Hello.
How do?
Not joining Scarf Lady on the ice?
Uh, no. I'm a bag. Not a skater.
Me too.
I always get dragged around,
doing things I don't like.
Mmm. What do you want to do?
Ooh...
Nobody's ever asked me that before.
I...
I want to make Bag Angels in the
snow!
OK! Come on, Bag!
Oh! Eh, hang on!
Got Bag, back soon! Righto, dear!
Er...you might want to... You
know...
Ooh! Yes.
Champion.
Not bad. Enjoyed it.
Best Bag Angel I've seen.
Uh-huh! Now what?
Ooh, erm... Er... Fill me with snow!
No, no! Bad idea! Bad idea!
BAD IDEA! BRRR!
Come on, Sarah.
Have a go!
Ra! Huh!
Yes!
Oh.
Rubbish.
Not bad, not bad.
Slurp!
Boring.
There!
What do you think?
Mmm. Handsome chap, this.
Phew. Without a doubt
and rendered in the perfect medium,
I might add.
Hmm!
QUACK QUACK
Here you go, Duck. What are you
playing at? Ooh! Sorry, Bag.
QUACK QUACK!
Hmm. I wonder how Duck's getting on.
Hmm! Time to go back.
Come by, come by!
WHISTLES
Ooh! Tres bien!
Waah! Er... I didn't dribble, did
I?
Voila!
Uh, that's enough excitement for me,
I think. Thank you.
Uh-huh! Come on, Bag.
Bag! You seem almost...happy!
Aye... I mean, well, just look at
'er go!
I wouldn't have her any other way.
QUACK QUACK!
Hello, Duck! He-he!
QUACK!
What do you reckon?
Fancy giving it another go?
Yes! Coming, Bag?
Hey, why not!
Y'only live once!
Here you go! Woohoo!
Come here, you! Whoa-ah-ah!
I've changed my mind,
I've changed my MIND!
He-he! Thank you, Duck!
Whoa!
QUACK QUACK QUACK!
# Sarah and Duck
QUACK
QUACK!
# Sarah and Duck
QUACK
QUACK! #